AI automation system to get you more traffic, leads, sales, and customers to grow your business. And I'm going to be sharing exactly what we do, how we use Claude, and a combination of Claude plus Reddit to generate traffic every single day. So, for example, if we check out this community that we've built, um, this is the AI SEO Insider. This is completely automated with AI. And essentially what we have here is we're reaching 25,000 people per month. We've built somehow we've built a community of, uh, 2,100 members, and we've published over 300 posts. Now, you can imagine if you were a human, right, um, writing that yourself, and you are a human but you're not writing the content, it would take a lot of time and a lot of work to, to reach that sort of result, right? Like, that's a lot of work. And what we've actually done is automated it, and I'm going to be breaking it down. Now, the cool thing about Reddit is not only do you, for example, reach a lot of people, not only can you automate this with AI, um, and not only does it actually work, right, I'm just showing you what works for me, which is what I want to do. Uh, but also the other thing here is that you can easily automate this with AI. It's very, very scalable, and also this is going to get you more traffic. Plus, most importantly, it is completely free, my friends. You don't have to pay for this. So I'm going to be working through exactly how this works step by step. Let me start up a new page here. And if you want to get all the video notes from today, you can get it inside the AI Money Lab, right, which is completely free. It's a free community. You can see here that we give away new trainings inside the community every single day. And additionally, you can connect with 28,000 members. Post in there, introduce yourself like, "I would love to know who you are," and that sort of thing, if you're interested in AI, or you're interested in connecting with people. And then you can see here you also get 1,000 free N8N workflows, 200 ChatGPT prompts, some case studies of how people have grown their revenue with ChatGPT, a full blueprint plus a free AI community. I pay for this community. You don't. So you get it free, but I teach you stuff inside there, all right? So let's run through. Why would you do this, first of all? Why are you using Reddit? And by the way, if you're watching, I think we have, uh, 52 people watching already. If, if you're watching, like, just ask questions. Like, I'm happy to help, um, happy to, to guide you through anything. If something's not clear, etc., just let me know as we go through. And we're going to, first of all, talk about why would you do this, right? So first things first. This is free. It's very easy. It's a one-click automation. It gets a lot of traffic. And also, you know, you don't need to buy a fancy website or create a fancy website. You just use Reddit. And I'll show you exactly how you do this. But essentially, you can create a new Reddit in, like, one second. You don't need to automate it. So it's, um, no costs. Literally no costs. You can use Claude for free. You can use Reddit for free, right? Completely free. It's easy. One-click traffic. It generates a lot of traffic. It's no costs. And also, um, customers, right? Customers plus leads. This is going to generate you a lot of customers and leads. I mean, as an example of that, right, uh, let me show you. If you were let's see here. So, for example, on the AI Money Lab, I just want to be transparent with you. I know nobody really shows you these numbers when it comes to school and that sort of thing. But over the last seven days, we reached, uh, we had 6,700 people come to this page alone, right, to this community alone. 6,700 people, right? Now, if that converts at a 20% conversion rate, which it does, then we get 1,300 new leads per week, or 1,400, right? And so if you can use Reddit to funnel traffic to your free lead magnets, then you're going to grow your business. You're going to get more customers, as long as you're consistent with it, right? So what's the process? Step number one, you're going to take your existing you're going to start by in fact, no, you're going to set up a new thread, right? Reddit thread, I think it's called. Subreddit. That's what it's called. Subreddit, all right? So you set up a new subreddit. I'll come on down to do that in a minute. Then from there, you are going to create content daily with Claude AI, which is free. After that, you're going to be consistently posting plus measuring. And then from there, you have to optimize the content for maximum traffic, right? You basically want to squeeze as much traffic as you can, all right? Now, I want to show you this process because, essentially, like, this is something we're actually using daily. And it's actually amazing how long it, you know, how well it works, essentially. You can see all the notifications here. So if we open up the inbox, you can see all these different notifications in terms of how many people have reached, etc. People are actually replying as well to our content as well. So, for example, like, Euphor Strawberry replied, like, "Tremendous post. Found your Reddit while searching for Supernova," etc. Reached 400 people on that post. Bear in mind, like, for example, if you were doing SEO, SEO takes a long time. It can be quite expensive. And it can take, like, three or six months to get traffic. Whereas you can post an article on Reddit and, you know, you get 400 views from day one. Like, this is literally as soon as it was posted, right? Five days ago, we get traffic. Boom. So it works really well. Now, Daryl says, "But the AI does not auto-post when you say it grows with AI. AI does not run the group." Well, that's an interesting one. So let me show you how you can automate it fully. And, um, I'll put the template inside the inside the AI Profit boardroom. Let me just grab the password for this, all right? So you can actually use Make to auto-post. If you want to auto-post, Daryl, I know you said, like, "AI does not run the group." Well, it doesn't auto-post. So you can get that to do it. If you go to make.com here, then we'll go to Scenarios. And I'll grab this one for you. So if we type in Reddit here, there we go. We've got a free Reddit auto-blogger, right? Essentially, what this does is it can actually submit a post directly to Reddit. So if you have, like, a spreadsheet of keywords, you can send that over to Claude. Claude creates the content, and then it submits a post to Reddit, right? And you can see we've run that eight times right there on the automations. So if you want to grab that auto-blogger, I actually don't use this. And I'll tell you why. It's because we like to quality control stuff before we post it. But if you do want to just auto-post to Reddit, uh, you can. And what I'll do is I'll actually add that automation, that resource file from today, inside the download section here. So if you want the JSON file for Make and the Reddit auto-blogger, you can like that. All right. Boom. It's inside the AI Money Lab. Go to the classroom. New automations. Reddit. Um, and Daryl, there you go. If you want to auto-post, you can. All right. So coming back to this, you can use an auto-blogger. I don't recommend it. And the reason why I don't recommend it is because if you've got anything customer-facing if we skip to step two, customer-facing stuff, you always want to quality control, right? Why is that? It's because AI lies, hallucinates, makes up stories, and it can say controversial stuff that you don't want to show to your clients, right? And that's why we don't use the auto-boster. Now, if you want to know exactly how to quality control, I've actually got a checklist here. So if you want to get the checklist for quality controlling content, you can. It's inside here, the video notes. And then also we've got the Reddit auto-blogger there. So you can get this free inside the AI Money Lab. Unknown5 says, "Hey, Julian, what is the best platform for agent workflows, N8N or SIEM?" I would recommend N8N, honestly. But I don't know that many people that actively use, like, N8N compared to, like, an automation like this. And I'll tell you why. I think it's because, like, N8N is amazing for building complex, cool-looking stuff. It's not amazing in the actual business environment where you have to quality control. You have to check stuff before it goes out. Um, and you have to be careful about what you post. So, like, N8N is great. I love it. But if you look at, like, most of the best automations inside the AI Profit boardroom, which is a community where we do, like, coaching and that sort of thing, you can join. We've actually got a special offer right now. But yeah, if you go inside the AI Profit boardroom here, you'll see that most of these automations are not N8N. And the reason for that, and the reason that we get more success without using N8N, is because you can quality control this stuff. You get more control over the process. It's semi-automated, um, but it's 10 times more powerful. So, for example, like, if I used N8N to post straight to Twitter, you could potentially get that account blocked, right, quite easily. Whereas if I use the processes that I show inside the AI Profit boardroom or that I'm showing you today, the accounts stay clean, right? They don't get, uh, banned and that sort of thing. So how do you set up a new subreddit? Let me talk you through this process. So what you're going to do is you are going to go to where is it now? Reddit. And then inside Reddit, what you want to do here, if I can remember, is create a community, right? So you create it's really simple and easy. You just create a community like this. And I would recommend putting it around something that you sell, right? So, for example, if we sell AI stuff, well, then we're going to have a community around AI. So we called it the AI, um, the AI SEO Insider. So AI best. And, you know, you have to, like, make sure that this is available. So let's just put AI Julian Goldie, for example. And then you add a banner, um, add some topics, and boom. That's it. Literally, it takes, like, one minute, all right? And then, yeah, basically, so inside here, we're going to put set up a new Reddit, make the name of the subreddit about, uh, related to whatever you sell. E.g., let's say we sell the AI Profit boardroom, so we would call it the AI SEO Insider. If you can't think of names, ask ChatGPT. So, for example, you can go in ChatGPT and say, "Okay, right. Uh, give me five names for a subreddit where I will sell the AI Profit boardroom." But be subtle. And then you'll add the Smart Traffic Lab, AI Builder Circle, Profit with AI Workflows, AI Scaling Playbook, or the AI Growth Systems subreddit. Those are all names that we could use. So if you want to steal that prompt, I'll put it inside the video notes from today. And then you can grab that, like, so, all right? And then you're going to create content daily with Claude AI. Now, here's how we normally do it. So we go into YouTube. We're going to, uh, I'll just mute the site here. And, uh, before we move on to that, Ian says, "Thanks for the SEO review. Did you win the games?" We did, my man. We did. And thank you so much, Ian, for checking up on that. And number two, thank you so much for helping us get there, right? Ian's a proud member of the AI Profit boardroom. If you haven't joined already, link in the comments description. And you can see here, for Q3, we won the school games. We came top we came fourth in the school games. And the top five in each category won an all-expenses-paid trip to LA. Now, all of the stuff that I learned from that Formosi, Alex Formosi, One Day Mastermind, I'm going to be sharing it with, uh, my community. I'll be writing up some notes, making a little video about it, sharing what I learned along the way, and just trying to spread that knowledge. So I appreciate everyone who got us, uh, to win the AI Profit boardroom, uh, the school games this quarter. That was amazing. Thank you so much. And number two, everything that I learned, I will be sharing inside the AI Profit boardroom. So everything that I've learned, uh, from that Mastermind, we'll be sharing. It's going to be awesome. So, yeah. We all win together, my friend. We all win together, which is awesome. So just getting back to this now, we're going to create content daily with Claude. Now, here's how I do it. So I actually just take my existing content, and that could be a tweet from you. It could be a blog post. It could be a social media post. It could be whatever, even an idea, right? And then what I typically like to do, and this is what my team does, actually. We don't do this anymore. I don't do it personally. I'm just going to add the funnel links inside that video, is we take the transcript like so. We go into Claude. And I actually have a custom prompt for this inside the AI Profit boardroom. So if you want to get, like, the exact prompt that I actually use along with a video tutorial plus a process, get it inside the AI Profit boardroom. So if you go inside the classroom here, and then you go to the playbook, and then video to blogs section here, you can see a video of me breaking it down exactly how we do it, how we do the video to blog post. Plus, you get the prompt inside the description here. But normally, you know, you would just say, "Okay." And, uh, again, my prompt is 10 times better, but we would say, like, "Create an article about this topic," right? And I like to use Claude. The reason that I like to use Claude is because it creates the best content, it creates the most sentient content. It's far better than ChatGPT or Perplexity or any of these other tools when it comes to writing. It's the GOAT. It is GOATed, my friend. And so it will create an article like this, obviously, with the prompt inside the AI Profit boardroom. Like, it would be much better. I'll link to that inside the, uh, inside the video notes if you just want to go straight to it. Let me find that for you. There we go. So if you want to get that prompt plus training video, you can get it inside the, uh, notes from today. And then basically, yeah, that's how it works. And then what you would do, you just can quality control it like I talked about before. And then you can go straight onto Reddit, create post, put in the post details like this, and then you would take the title and plug it in there, right? Simple like that, right? And there you go. Boom. Ready to go. And then you would just hit post, like, so or you can schedule it or you can save it as a draft. Pretty simple and easy. Now, the other thing to note here is you want to insert, like, some content inside it. So if we have a look at previous posts that we've done, so for example, like this one, you can see that we have the video at the top embedded. So we have the title, the video. And then one of the most important things here, we actually have the funnel links inside the content as well, right? Because it's one thing getting traffic and attention. It's one thing getting attention and getting views, but you want to turn that into traffic and leads and sales and customers, right? And so that's why we funnel inside the article the traffic to the actual pages that we want to convert. And that drives traffic, which leads to customers, which, if your page converts, leads to, um, sales. Again, you can see, like, by the way this is formatted, that using the prompt that I showed you, uh, that's inside the AI Profit boardroom, like, your content is going to be 10 times better, right? So if you look at the quality of this content, it's far better than the output straight from Claude because we've got the custom prompt, uh, that I've put inside the video notes. So make sure you get that. And yeah, that's basically that. That's basically as simple as that. Obviously, you want to quality control it, but you're just going to post consistently and create content daily. We actually post, I think, like, four posts a day using this process. And that's because we're creating so much content on YouTube, so it's easy for us to do it. But if you don't want to do that, then you can do it however you want, right? Like, you don't you could, for example, uh, you could just do once a day. I would recommend minimum once a day and just do, like, a 30-day challenge as well. So if we come onto consistently posting and measuring, I would say 30-day challenge, right? If you want to find the analytics to see how your videos are doing, for each post, you'll see the view count at the bottom. So you can see the view count here. We've got 117 views. And you can see more insights here, so you can have a look and see, okay, how many views did we get, et cetera. Where did they come from? So most of the traffic as well is pretty high quality. Like, it comes from the United States or Canada and that sort of thing. High opvote ratio. There we go. So check the insights of the articles. And bear in mind as well, like, the headline is the 80/20, right? Which means that 80% of the work should be done on the headline. And what I mean by that is, like, the more interesting the headline is, the more views you're going to get. So I would recommend really optimizing the headline. Like, for example, if we check out this one, let's see how that did. Yeah. We should be good to go on that, all right? Chuck says, "Hi, bro. Thanks for your time, but Reddit always delete or suspend my account anytime I create an account and post on it. Is it the URL I insert that's causing it?" It could be the URL. It could be the niche. It could be that you don't have any karma on the account. So that's another important thing to consider as well. Just, like, build up karma and give value in other communities. And just if you have a new account, go slowly. I would also recommend, you know, be careful where you post from. So you can experiment with VPNs, for example. Experiment with VPNs, um, proxies as well. Proxies can help a lot with Reddit. If you need more help on that, just message me inside the AI Profit boardroom. We can give you some ideas on, like, VPNs and proxies and that sort of thing. Because that's what we use personally for us, and it works really, really well. We actually have, like, a there's also, like, custom browsers with proxies built in. And if you want to learn more about that, just join the AI Profit boardroom and then message me about it because I'll be able to give you some guidance on that. That's, like, super, super niche. But yeah, if you need more tips on that, you can get it inside the AI Profit boardroom. So why would you do this? It's free. It's easy. It's a one-click automation. It gets a lot of traffic, and it brings a lot of customers and leads. What's the process? Well, you're going to set up a new Reddit, make the name of the subreddit related to whatever you sell, AI Profit boardroom. If you can't think of names, ask ChatGPT. What prompts can you use to find the names? You can use that one right there. Creating the content daily, you can use the prompt in the training video that I've linked to. For customer-facing stuff, you want it to be quality controlled. Why do you want it to be quality controlled? Because AI lies, hallucinates, makes up stories. It says controversial, crazy stuff that you don't want to show your clients. And then how do you quality control it? You can use this checklist right here. Then you're going to consistently post and measure, okay? So you're going to do a 30-day challenge, build up karma, and give value in other communities. If you have a new account, just go slowly. Be careful where you post from. So, for example, Chuck was saying he's had some issues. And ask me in the AI Profit boardroom if you need help. The AI Profit boardroom, by the way, is, like, the only place I can actually respond to DMs and, uh, just because I'm so busy and I'm helping so many people. And then check the insights of the articles and the headlines of the 80/20. And then for optimizing the content for maximum traffic, you want to squeeze it as much as you can. I would recommend adding a YouTube video inside there, right? The reason that I would recommend adding a YouTube video from your channel is because if people watch this, they're going to get retargeted on YouTube and other platforms, right? So, for example, if someone watches this video and consumes that content, well, the algorithm knows that people like my content on YouTube. And so it's going to push more content from me to that person on YouTube because it knows, right, that person likes it. And so, like, it generates you retargeting traffic on YouTube as well, and it keeps people engaged. And also, it creates more trust. So if someone consumes, like, a five-minute video of mine, well, they're going to trust me more than if they consume, like, a quick blog of mine. So one blog post equals, like, a little bit of trust. A video plus a blog post equals a little bit more trust, right? And the more stuff you can stack into that, the better. And then you also want to make sure that you send them to free stuff too. So if we have a look at this article, and we go back to here, like this, like, so to this post, we send them to our free stuff on YouTube. We also send them to our free strategy session to book in a call. Why do we do that? Because, uh, they're not going to buy straight away from the page. So they're going to go into a lead magnet instead. If you get a if you have a lead magnet, you're going to get more traffic, and you're going to convert and nurture those leads eventually. So that's a four-stage process. Pretty simple and easy. Works really well. We rinse and repeat it every day. And yeah, it works really well. Also, if you want to get the video notes from today, you can get them directly inside the AI Success Lab. What I'm also going to do is add a bunch of notes here. So if you want to get the video notes, this is inside the AI Success Lab. Just go to AI Money Lab, Classroom, and then or you can just search for Reddit, and you'll find it inside the search bar here. You get all the video notes from today. You get the autoblogger, the checklist, the prompt, and the training video is linked right there. And then also, what I've actually done is I have inserted a Claude Reddit prompt pack. And additionally, what I'm also going to give you here is a seven-day Reddit traffic calendar. Let me find that for you. So if you want the seven-day Reddit traffic calendar that shows you what to post, like, Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, et cetera, what to use, how to use it, et cetera, and which prompt to use, we've got that inside the notes as well from today. I've also included an AI Reddit headline swipe file. So you know how I was talking about how Reddit is, you know, 80% of the work is in the headline? We've actually included a bunch of headlines right here. And if you want the full swipe file, let me add that for you. So you've got the headlines right there for you as well, all right? And we've also included, like, some Reddit outreach DM scripts if you want to get that stuff from me. But yeah, that's basically everything from today, including the autoblogger, the checklist, the process, the headlines, the seven-day traffic calendar. And you can get this all for free inside the AI Money Lab. So if you join the AI Money Lab, it's completely free. Link in the comments description. Um, you get tons of training, a community of 28,000 people for free. And then also inside the classroom here, if you go to new AI automations, you can get access to the full swipe file and process for Reddit based on how we generate thousands of Reddit traffic, okay? Leonardo says, "Hey, Julian Gold, SEO. Good to see you here, mate." And, um, yeah, that's basically it. Now, also, if you want to get help, if you want to get support from us, you can join the AI Profit boardroom. We have a really good offer right now. So if we go back inside here, let me talk you through it. See all the stuff we've posted. It's crazy. It is crazy. All right. So if you sign up to the AI Profit boardroom, which comes with coaching, um, help from me, et cetera, it's on a flash sale until the end of September. So you've literally got, what, less than 48 hours left. The normal price is this. This is the price right now. If you sign up, you're going to get all of this. So the plug-and-play AI workflow, Vault, daily Q&A, unlimited tech support, five-weekly live coaching calls, plus a bunch of giveaways, plus double guarantee. So if you don't like it, you can try it for no risk and get a refund. It also comes with all of my best trainings, like you can see, including our full playbook on all of my best automations. So if you like the stuff that you've seen today, you can get this inside the AI Profit boardroom. And then additionally, we have a very active community where you can post, get help, get support. We actually pay the top three members for being the most active. So we reward you if you're active inside the community. Um, you know, if you post, comment, et cetera, you can actually win these if you come first, second, and third. And then you can see here that we actually get back to people and just reply to them and help them as much as we can, as you can see. Also, inside the calendar here, you can see five-weekly coaching calls. So you can, for example, do Q&As, uh, get help, support, learn with us, et cetera. And also inside the map here, you can see inside the map, we have people all over the world, right? So no matter where you are in the world, if you want to arrange, like, a local offline meetup and meet people in your local area who are interested in the same things as you, the benefit of having, like, you know, a community of 1,500 builders is that you can meet up with people locally in your area, get to know them, uh, you know, and be like, "Hey, uh, you know, do you want to chat online or do you want to meet up offline, et cetera?" So it's a really great way to meet people, get to know people, and, uh, and connect with people who have the same interests as you, right? It's very hard to meet people who do AI for business normally. So make sure you sign up now. Link in the comments and description to that. And you can also get access to the AI Money Lab notes as well for free today. If we have any questions, feel free to ask. But yeah, that's basically it. The other thing I want to show here is, like, inside the AI Money Lab here, let's go. We're actually updating this all the time with new trainings, right? So if you join now, for example, like yesterday, we posted about Goose and GLM, uh, free website development suite, the new AI Reel system that we use in breaking down how we get so many leads. And by the way, like, quick disclaimer, like, not all this stuff that I'm showing you is 100%, like, nailed on or is, is, you know, it's, it's not going to these are not, like, typical results, right? And the reason for that is because we, you know, we've done this for years. We're really good at what we do. But even if you learn, like, 1% of what we do and you apply that to your business, is it going to help you get more leads, get more traffic, get more sales? Absolutely. And that's what the game is about. Leonardo says, "Do you think my channel could take advantage of having an AI avatar as well? Wouldn't be a good strategy. Curious to learn. To join the community and check this out." Yeah. 100%, uh, Leonardo. You know, like, let me show you this. So inside the AI Profit boardroom, link in the comments and description, uh, you'll get the AI avatar systems that we actually use to grow our channel. And to give you an example of this, you know, I was in the same boat. I was like, "Should I do human videos? Should I do AI videos? What do people want to see? Are people going to be outraged if it's like the AI version of me on YouTube?" And what I actually found, if we go to the con uh, to the analytics section here, is that it pretty much 10Xed my views and the revenue we make from, um, from YouTube. Now, that is, you know, disclaimer, that is not guaranteed. These are not typical results. This may not work for everyone, but it worked for us. And I can only show you what works for me, right? So, for example, here, if we go onto YouTube, you can see that even at the start of the month, we were, like, 48,000 views per day. And that's grown with AI avatar videos to 90,000 views per day, right? So we've pretty much doubled. Now, how have we done that? We've doubled because we've started publishing more content daily, right? So we actually went from four videos a day to eight videos a day on YouTube. And that helped us grow this, this, this. I mean, 60,000 hours of watch time is absolutely amazing. So yeah, Leonardo, like, it's a great opportunity for you. And you can always try it if you don't like it. You know, seven-day you get a seven-day refund guarantee. So we'll just high-five you on the way out and say, "Thanks for joining, and I appreciate you." By the way. But yeah, if you go to the AI avatar video section here, you'll learn exactly how we do this step by step. You've got my step-by-step SOP over here as well. And this is the same process that we use to run our channel. The other thing that I would say here is, like, we actually have a team of editors who handle our channel as well, right? So, for example, for me, like, I'm scaling my business. You know, I'm doing some live streams. I'm finding new avenues to grow my business, et cetera. And so for me to free up the time that it used to take to create so many videos per day is amazing. Just to put this in perspective, not only did it help us grow and get more views and more reach, et cetera, for our channel, which I think it would help you massively, Leonardo too, but also it saves you time. And the one thing you don't have as a business owner is much time, right? You only have a limited amount of time. So if you can delegate that, then that's going to help you so much, right? So, for example, for me, I was spending four hours a day creating videos. Now, I save 120 hours per month. And if I'm like, "Right, okay, I want to double the amount of views that I get on YouTube," then I'm like, "Okay, guys," you know, I tell my team, I'm like, "Guys, just create double the amount of content as long as the content quality is good." The other thing that I would say here is, like, Leonardo is, um, when you're creating that content, you just want to watch, like, one or two videos of your own content per day, look at the comments as well on the video, and then give that as feedback to your editors so they know how to improve, and also you quality control the process. You can see, for example, whether it's on Reddit, whether it's on social media, whether it's on YouTube, et cetera, we always quality control the process. And I think that's a crucial part that most people miss. It's like, you always want to make sure that anything customer-facing is the best it can be. Leonardo says as well, "Interesting. I don't think your personal brand has been affected negatively at all. Thanks." Yeah, I mean, like, it's amazing. It's amazing what we're doing. Like, for example, just to put this in perspective and, um, yeah, like, we actually did, uh, you might know Dean Gratziosi. Dean Gratziosi actually reached out to me after seeing, uh, my YouTube videos. He's a massive, massive name in the online marketing world. He reached out to me, um, after seeing my videos. We actually did a call together. And that was because of my videos. So it actually helped my personal brand. Like, it helped me get in the door because I was doing something different that no one else is doing. Like, who else? I don't know. I think Julia McCoy might do, like, a video every so often, but who else on the internet is creating, um, AI avatar videos that actually perform really well? I think it's just, like, I've seen about five or ten people actually do it. And there are some, like, faceless channels, but I know they're run, like, mostly by the same people. So yeah, that's it. Uh, the other thing I would say here as well is, like, people inside our community actually love what we've done as well. So if you have a look inside the AI Profit boardroom, uh, testimonials document here, and this has, what, 69 pages of just happy customer reviews is pretty crazy. So, for example, Darius, he went viral with AI videos using a similar process to us. HB Solutions said, "You're truly sent from heaven." So, I mean, I'll take that. Like, I don't think that's necessary, but I appreciate that. That's super kind. So you can see here it actually helps our personal brand. Alexander posted, "I signed my first AI client inside the AI Profit boardroom." Matt said, "I just wanted to thank you for all of your help and answers on the coaching call earlier today. Hope you have a terrific weekend." Kandice said, "The content in the AI Profit boardroom is incredible," right? These are real people inside the AI Profit boardroom here. All right. So, like, the main thing here is it's actually helped our personal brand. It hurt it. And the reason for that is because we quality control and make sure the content is really good, right? You've got to be you've got to manage your team really well and lead your team really well. But we do that for sure. So says, "Thank you, bro, for what you're doing for us. I'm in Senegal from Africa." Good to see you. So appreciate you so much. Thank you. Leonardo says, "Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Okay. Cool. Cool." So I hope to see you inside the AI Profit boardroom, Leonardo. If you have any other questions, if you want to see anything else from inside the community, just let me know. I'll show you some other cool stuff that we've got inside here that I think even, even, like, there's so much value in here, like, even sometimes community members forget as well, right? So it's always good to go through the basics. But inside the AI Profit boardroom here, what we actually have as well is we have an awesome list of unlockable giveaways, right? To the point where if you get to level nine, boom, shack-a-locker, you get an AI strategy call with me. You also get access to the boardroom insider, private mastermind here. You unlock a custom GPT, a level six, right? And the way that you increase the levels is you just post more often, right? So, for example, Jörg, you can see he's been very active inside the community over the last 30 days, which is by far the best way to learn and get the most out of things. But you can see here for the last 30 days he's done that, and he just contributes and posts and comments inside the group and shares some awesome stuff. Jörg is an absolute rock star inside the AI Profit boardroom. That's what we like. We like people who get involved, uh, take action, actually use this stuff. So yeah, what else we've got here? So also, well, I've talked about the We Pay You Weekly Challenge alert, but the thing to note here is, like, if it costs $49 per month for access, but you win first place, then potentially if you win first place each week, you would make $200, right? So it costs you $49 to join, but because you're active in the group and you win first place, you would make $200 back, uh, because we pay you to join the group and be active. So that's pretty cool. And then we also have the Fire Mini Challenge giveaway, which anyone can join. There's no limit. You can join anytime. You can start. And basically, all you have to do is do 10 activities per day in the AI Profit boardroom, keep it up for 30 days straight, earn the fire badge besides your name, and then you win all of these prizes, right? And anyone can win this. There's no limit. I actually got the fire emoji on mine to lead as an example to the community, and I'm very active inside there. I mean, you can see how active I am inside this group. 2,600 contributions. That means I've 2,600 times to this school group. How crazy is that? And that's how much I believe in it. That's why we've got, uh, you know, 69 pages of testimonials from happy clients, right? So hope to see you inside the AI Profit boardroom. If you want to get access, all you do is you go inside the video. So let's say, for example, you're watching the live stream right now. You'd go inside the video here. Then you're going to go down, click on the AI link here, and boom, you can sign up right there. And again, flash sale until the end of September. So we've literally only got today and tomorrow, and then the discount goes. So make sure you sign up now before you miss out. Appreciate everyone watching, and I will see you on the next one. Cheers, everyone. Bye-bye.