Hello guys, so in this video I'll show you how you can hijack Reddit threads that are ranking high on Google, and how you can turn your traffic into customers for your own e-com or software business. So Reddit has been really dominating Google in the last few years. If you checked the traffic 2 years ago, it was around 300 million, but if you check now you can see that number is at 1.2 billion, so it has had a huge increase in organic traffic. Now let me show you how you can use this to your own advantage. So let's imagine you have a business where you're selling accounting software, so if you check this keyword, "best accounting software for small business," you'll see it gets 2.7 thousand monthly clicks. Now the keyword difficulty is 73, so it would be incredibly difficult to rank this keyword for your own business. But if you go on Google and you actually search this keyword, you'll see that Reddit is ranking among as the first result, actually, even before big authority websites like PCMag, for example. And now if you check the monthly traffic on this one Reddit post, you'll see it gets 30,700 monthly visitors, which is a crazy amount for just one Reddit post. Now here's the key point: the people clicking these threads are high-intent buyers. They are already looking for brand recommendations. So when these buyers open the Reddit post, they usually ignore the post itself and instead they scroll straight to the top comment. Buyers trust these recommendations because they seem like genuine reviews and recommendations from other customers. In this example, the top comment here is a casually recommending an accounting software with an affiliate link, and this comment keeps getting thousands of free clicks per month for as long as this thread ranks on Google. And this opportunity exists in any industry: VPNs, hosting, SaaS, e-commerce, agencies, course sellers, dropshippers, any software businesses, anything, because Reddit is such a popular website so there's recommendations and questions for around every industry. Now here is one more example for e-commerce. Let's say you're an e-com brand selling engagement rings, and you want to rank for this keyword, "best engagement rings," with over 3,000 monthly searches. The keyword difficulty is 10, but again, if you search this on Google you will see that Reddit is among the top-ranking results here. And if you check the monthly traffic on this one Reddit post, you will see that it gets 10,800 monthly visitors just from Google. And if you open the Reddit post and you check the top comment, you will again see that it's someone promoting a specific brand through an affiliate link, and the affiliate link inside this one comment gets thousands of monthly clicks for free. This method works for any industry, it really does not matter what you are selling. And you can find posts exactly like this on Reddit around every industry. For example, you can have people asking for "best pizza restaurant in New York," "best 3PL for e-commerce business," "best mobile gaming apps," etcetera, and etcetera. There are so many different posts like this on Reddit where you can promote your own business. Just to show you one more example, here's the keyword, "best VPN for Mac" with keyword difficulty 45 and search volume 1.9 thousand. If you search this keyword on Google, again you will see Reddit among the top results, and if you check the monthly traffic on this one Reddit post, you'll see it gets 4,200 monthly visitors. Open the Reddit post, scroll to the top comment, again you will see an affiliate link for Proton VPN. Now I'm going to show you exactly how you can use this same method for your own business. So you could try to do all of this manually. That means you would have to find the Reddit threads, you would have to check each of their monthly traffic, you would have to manage multiple Reddit accounts, you would have to manually start posting comments, and you would have to slowly upvote your own comments. But sooner or later, because you are using the same accounts, the moderators will notice you, you will get shadow banned from subreddits, or even worse, your IP will be banned from Reddit, and you'll be back where you started. So instead of doing all that manual work, we built a tool that automates this entire process and makes it super, super easy for you. It works in 4 steps. First, it analyzes your business. Then it finds high-ranking Reddit threads that are already getting traffic and are relevant to your business. It allows you to directly post comments through thousands of anonymous, aged, high-karma Reddit accounts. And then it uses AI to upvote those comments to the top of each Reddit thread. And with this method, you don't need to warm up your own Reddit accounts. You don't need to worry about shadow bans. You don't need to worry about VPNs or proxies. You don't need to worry about anything like that. It's so simple and it only takes a few minutes. First, go to engine.io and click on "Get Started." Enter in the URL of the business you want to promote. So for this video, I'm going to use this VPN company as the example. Then click on "Continue." Now Engain is going to generate a quick description about your business. Again, click on "Continue." Now enter in 3 competitors. Once done, click on "Continue." Once you are inside the dashboard, click on "SEO Opportunities." Basically, here you can see all of the Reddit threads that are already ranking high on Google and which are relevant to your own business. Engain also shows you the monthly traffic to each Reddit post. For example, this post gets 182,000 monthly clicks. This one gets 56,000, 54,000, 48,000, 35,000, and so on and on. You have multiple pages of Reddit posts like this where you can promote your business. You can then open one of these posts. Engain will read the actual post itself and allow you to generate a reply which recommends your own brand. You can choose the tone of voice. You can choose the length of the comment. For example, I'm going to choose short and recommend with competitors. Click on "Generate Reply." As you can see, this is what it came up with. You can refine this comment using AI. You can even fully manually rewrite it yourself. But for the sake of this video, I think this comment is good and I'm going to go with this. Then you can also add a reply to the main comment. This allows you to create even more social proof around your brand. For example, here you could write: "I also recommend UrbanVPN. Their customer support and service is the best." As you can see, the main comment itself is from account 1, and the reply to that comment will be posted from account 2. But I also don't want both of these comments to be posted at the same time, so I'm going to choose a 20-minute time delay so that 20 minutes after the original comment is posted, then 20 minutes after that account 2 will go in and comment this. If you want, you can add even more replies and comments. There's no limit. But for the sake of this video, let's just do 2 comments. But it's also important that our comment gets enough upvotes to reach the top of the thread. So for that, we're going to use this feature called "Rank My Comment." Basically, what this feature does is it analyzes the amount of upvotes that the current top comment has. It then shows you how many upvotes you need to outrank the current top comment. So in our case, we need 388 total upvotes for this comment. But we don't want to send all of the upvotes right at the same time. Because the comment is going to get removed, it'll seem very suspicious. So for that, we're going to choose this: "Deliver speed of 2 upvotes per day," and we're going to set the starting date 3 days after the comment. That means Engain will slowly upvote your comment over time so it moves towards the top without creating suspicion. And it'll take around 5 months for the comment to reach the top of the thread. Now click on "Autopost," and Engain will automatically post a comment for you. As you can see, it says: "Thread created main comment plus 1 reply." And Engain will actually post both comments through Reddit accounts that are fully anonymous, aged, and have high karma. To check the current status of this task, you can click on "Track Tasks." Here you can see all of the comments you have placed. You can see how many upvotes it has. As you can see, it currently has 0. The status is "In Progress." It usually takes about 10 to 15 minutes for the comment to go live. You can see the date created. You can see the traffic volume and the value of it here. Let's do one more example for this post: "Best private free and paid VPN providers with 56,000 monthly clicks." For the tone of voice, I'm going to choose "Social Proof," and for the length, I want "Long," less "Generate a Reply." So here's the comment. As you can see, it's very good. It compares multiple different brands and positions our company as the ultimate VPN provider. So when other people are seeing this, they're going to trust it because it seems like an actual customer review, not an advertisement. But now I also want to inject a link into this comment, so I'm going to click here, "Create Link," and I'm going to enter in the URL of our business. So now, as you can see, the link is also visible. Now, again, I want this comment to rank at the top of the thread. So for this, I'm going to click on "Rank My Comment." As you can see, the top comment currently has 29 upvotes, so we need 35 upvotes to outrank the current top comment. I'm going to choose 3 upvotes per day, starting immediately after posting. Click on "Autopost," and done. Task created successfully. And now you can just keep on doing this across multiple keywords, multiple Reddit posts, and multiple accounts without ever having to touch Reddit manually. And by doing this, you'll be able to reach tens of thousands of new customers per month. And it only took us like 5 minutes to do. It's so simple, and I highly recommend you try it for your own business.