In this video, I'm going to show you how you can leverage Reddit engagement to get more visibility in traditional and AI search, uncover a goldmine of customer pain points and content ideas, and build the kind of goodwill and community around your brand that actually leads to more revenue. Truthfully, there has never been a better time to fold Reddit into your marketing mix. If you've been paying attention to search trends, you know that Google has been boosting Reddit in its results for the better part of the last 2 years, even inking a formal partnership with them to train their AI models. And Reddit is either the first or second most cited source depending on whether you're using Perplexity, ChatGPT, or Google's AI overviews. But most importantly, because Reddit is made up of real people sharing real-life experiences, it's built a reputation of being extremely trustworthy. I think we've all added Reddit to our search queries at one point or another to skip past all the sponsored blog posts and affiliate sites and get real, unfiltered answers from real people who share similar interests or experiences. And yes, Redditors can be brutal sometimes. But if you want to build trust with your community and increase your odds of getting mentioned in AI search, Reddit is the place to be. But be careful, because engaging on Reddit incorrectly can have detrimental effects on your brand, like when video game publisher EA attempted to contain a PR disaster on Reddit with a tone-deaf corporate response, earning them the most downvoted comment in Reddit history. In fact, I don't even like to call it Reddit marketing, because if there's one thing that Redditors hate, it's what they lovingly call corporate shills, seeking to ruin their platform by peddling products and services. And frankly, I don't blame them. But fear not, in this video we'll cover all the practical ways to engage on Reddit to increase your brand visibility, many of which I'll bet you've never heard of, and I'll give you one key mindset and phrase that can save you from getting banned or facing a similar fate as EA. Now the first way to use Reddit doesn't even require that you post anything, and that's mining Reddit for customer pain points and content ideas. Here's how to do it. For this example, I'm going to pretend I'm a marketing director of a company that makes a tool for creating beautiful, high-converting landing pages. The first thing I'm going to do is search Reddit for my core keyword, landing page builder. From here I can start to see the kind of subreddits that are relevant to my business, such as r/SaaS, PPC, Entrepreneur, and more. I recommend creating a free Reddit account and joining these subreddits as it's a good practice to be aware of these conversations and eventually join in when you're ready. Now here's an easy way to find specific customer pain points and content ideas from Reddit. Go to Google and type in site:reddit.com intext landing page intext? Of course, replacing landing page with your target industry, service, or niche. And we'll put this search operator in the description of this video by the way so you can just easily copy and paste it. This will give you a nearly unlimited amount of questions that your customers have that you can either answer directly in the subreddit and we'll get to some best practices for how to do that soon, or you can turn into content. For example, I can see from this post that a plumber is struggling to understand whether or not they need a complete website or just a landing page to start getting leads. Now when I Google landing page versus website, I see some content from some heavy hitters like Unbounce and Wix, and I could certainly put my hat in the ring and create my own version of this content, but I could be even more specific and create content directly targeting whether or not service-based businesses like plumbers need a landing page versus a website. I can take this idea, pop it into Surfer's content editor, and start creating content that I know for a fact people in my target audience want to know. And thanks to the facts feature in the content editor, I can be sure that I'm covering this topic thoroughly from all angles, which increases the likelihood that it'll be cited as a source in AI search, plus it's just great for users. And the best part? Once you've written the content, you can shorten it up and post it as a comment on this very post to start building goodwill with your audience. Another idea for finding customer pain points is to search Reddit for competitor alternatives. In my example, I might search Unbounce alternatives. Sometimes these posts are from users looking to make a switch, but it'd also be extremely helpful for someone on the Unbounce team because I basically have a direct pipeline to why some of my customers are unhappy. This can help guide your product decisions, reduce churn, or you can even address these issues directly inside the post. Now, be very careful about plugging your product in posts from frustrated users without adding any value, aka drive-by commenting. Seek to add value first to help them solve their problem and allow your brand to naturally come up only if it's helpful. We'll talk more about how to engage gracefully on Reddit later in this video. Now if there's one thing that both Google and ChatGPT love, it's topical authority. That is, websites that thoroughly cover a topic, usually with multiple pieces of content from every conceivable angle, and internally linking everything together. That's actually why Surfer built our topical map feature, to visualize these topical authority clusters in a way that simplifies the process and gives you a high-level view at the topics you need to write about in order to be the ultimate authority in your niche. But, and shout out to Yaqub for showing me this, you can actually use topical map to drill into questions your audience is asking on Reddit. Just go into Surfer's topical map and click Filters, Competitors, and make sure Reddit is the only domain selected. From here select each main keyword, then the Competitors tab, and you can click through to the referenced subreddits and figure out the specific questions people are asking and how you can create content to both answer those questions and create topical authority for your site. Now Reddit is also an excellent place to interview your audience. If there's one thing human beings love talking about, it's ourselves and our problems, especially on Reddit. If you're looking to validate a product idea, new features, or just get your fingers on the pulse of your audience's frustrations, just ask. For example, this post on the r/Productivity subreddit simply asks what's the most frustrating or annoying thing you deal with in meetings and what have you done about it. It has over 54 comments and a ton of beefy insights for anyone looking to make a software solution to help with annoying meetings. For me, I might ask the most relevant subreddits a similar question about their frustrations with building out new landing pages or getting leads for their business online. These are also great places to source quotes from real people in the trenches. For example, if I wanted to build a software platform for restaurant tours and I know that Google and AI search both have high regard for EEAT signals, that's expertise, experience, authoritativeness, and trustworthiness, I don't have time to open up a cheesecake factory and immerse myself in the world of food and beverage service until I'm an expert. I have to rely on the expertise of others, and Reddit is a great place to get experiential feedback from people who are actually doing the thing. One last way to interview your audience is to invite feedback on your product. Now I got to warn you, this is a bit like asking the entire world to roast you, so it requires a certain amount of chutzpah and isn't for the faint of heart. To his credit, Tim Sulo, the CMO of Ahrefs, has posted every 2 years for the past decade in r/BigSEO asking for feedback on the product. Some responses are friendly, some are brutal, and others are harsh but fair. But all of them contain something the company can learn from, and I have no doubt these sorts of community-led feedback sessions have helped guide the trajectory of the software to some degree. Also, doing this is a sneaky way to drop several brand mentions of your product without being spammy, which as I mentioned earlier, large language models love to cite as sources. Another more labor-intensive but highly rewarding way to utilize Reddit in your marketing mix is to create your own subreddit and build a community. Now this is by far the biggest commitment of any tactic in this video, but the investment can be life-changing for your business. This is not a set-it-and-forget-it strategy, but something that requires ongoing cultivation, curation, maintenance, and moderation. You're essentially a community builder, but as with everything on Reddit, be ready for the good, the bad, and the ugly when it comes to users sharing their opinions. A great example of a company managing a subreddit exceptionally well is Zapier. With over 13,000 members, the active community is full of people posting their custom workflows, asking for support, conducting AMAs (that's Ask Me Anything posts where users are free to ask the Zapier team whatever they want), and just generally sharing best practices for automation. The community has been around since 2014 and likely has one full-time Zapier employee managing it, that's my guess, so don't be discouraged if you have to start small and work your way up. Remember, the best time to plant a tree is 20 years ago; second best time is right now. Well, let's step away from the front page of the internet for a second and explore another way to use Reddit to increase our brand visibility, and that's by reverse engineering large language model queries to find the most relevant Reddit posts to interact with. Let me break that down. Let's say my fictional company is relatively new. Naturally, I want my brand to be cited among the Mount Rushmore of landing page builders when someone asks ChatGPT, "What are the best landing page builders?" Well, I would start by asking ChatGPT that very question. From here I can see that this post in r/PPC posted just a few months ago sees someone asking for the best landing page builder for paid ads. Now because ChatGPT is clearly using this as a source, this would be the perfect subreddit for me to talk about my company, as that would likely help a lot with getting it mentioned in queries like this. But as they say, those who forget history are doomed to repeat it, so we have to be careful here lest we suffer the same tragic fate as EA. That transitions nicely into our next section about how to engage on Reddit in a way that adds value, benefits your company, and doesn't get you banned or, perhaps worse, shamed for being a corporate shill. But before we do, if you want a more systematic way to measure your AI visibility, Surfer's AI tracker scans Google AI overviews, ChatGPT, Perplexity, and other answer engines every 24 hours to log exactly when and how they cite your brand. It rolls those mentions into a single AI visibility score and plots historical trend lines so you can see gains or losses at a glance. In short, AI tracker turns AI search into a measurable channel with KPIs, trends, and workflow-ready actions so you don't need to keep manually checking and tracking prompts. If you want to give it a shot, link is in the description. So let's get back to Reddit etiquette. Reddit etiquette, if you will. You can think of LinkedIn a bit like Los Angeles. It's full of people with big, polished smiles, humble bragging about their promotions, flattering their peers in the comments, all in an effort to grow their network and accomplish their own interests. Okay, yeah, that's a pretty cynical take, I get it. Listen, I'm on LinkedIn too. We all do it. But Reddit, on the other hand, is a bit like New York City. "Hey, give me some coffee. I'm walking over here." That was a terrible New York accent, but you get the point. People are often very direct, often brutally honest, but you know for a fact you're getting the truth. No false flattery, no BS. Of all the social networks, Reddit is by far the most sensitive to any sort of self-promotion. Many subreddits have strict rules preventing this, including forbidding any links whatsoever. Now I know it seems counterintuitive, but the brands who do the best on Reddit seem to take this mindset of contributing massive, almost outrageous levels of value to their community while expecting nothing in return. In fact, Reddit even has a system called karma that rewards this kind of behavior. So, focus first on solving problems and only mention your product or service when it's practically inevitable. For example, let's say a marketing lead for an invoicing platform is struggling with their landing page and posts about it. The conversation might go something like this: "What's wrong with my landing page? I mean, I'm not getting any conversions." Hmm. Well, it seems like you're not using a benefit-driven headline. Instead of "Welcome to our platform," which is pretty generic, a strong headline should clearly communicate your main benefit, like, "Cut your invoicing time in half. Automate your billing in minutes." Try that out and see if it helps with conversions. Oh, also, are you using Microsoft Clarity because it's a free heat mapping tool that can show you where people are clicking or abandoning your page? Wow, thanks. Uh, that's super helpful. I'll try this out. No, I don't have Microsoft Clarity installed, but I'll definitely look into that. Yeah, no problem. I'm actually in the process of building a tool called Landing Page Guru that helps spin up landing pages, so I'm constantly studying landing pages, best practices. Sometimes I feel like I just see the whole world as one big landing page. Okay, it got a little cheesy at the end, but did you see how personal that sounded? And notice, I didn't even mention my software until we were already in a conversation. If you engage on Reddit like this, like you're just having a conversation with a friend at a bar, you're going to have a much better time. And yeah, by the way, don't use AI for your responses, please. People can sniff that out so easily. Also, do me a favor. If you're getting value out of this video, do you mind just giving it a quick like? It helps a lot with the YouTube algorithm and also with my self-esteem algorithm, which is equally as mysterious and important. Anyway, I mentioned in the intro that there's one phrase that works like a charm to prevent trigger happy mods from going ban crazy, and it's this: "In an effort to add value, here are..." And you fill in the blank with something truly valuable. Here's a great example. The OP (that's Reddit lingo for original poster) claims to have studied over 100 landing pages and even interviewed indie hackers to come up with the perfect formula for a high-converting page, which he shares in the post content. The result? 98 upvotes and a very active comment section. After adding tons of value, he links to his tool at the very end. Now, this guy is lucky because in this subreddit, backlinks are allowed. In many, they're actually a bannable offense, and I would caution you to err on the side of not hyperlinking to your own site, as it doesn't make a difference when getting cited as a source in AI search, and many experienced Redditors will sniff that out as a sign of self-promotion. Reddit has had a bit of a complicated situationship with search for many years. First, it was seen as sort of this niche community site with a big audience, kind of an alternative to Google. Now it's being used to train Google's AI models, and it's blasted all over the first page of Google search results. So what do you think? Will Reddit continue to be a major player in AI visibility in traditional search, or will marketers like me saturate it so completely so as to make it totally unusable for the average Redditor? Let us know in the comments. The heart and soul of Reddit is unfiltered, raw experiences. For brands who play by those rules, the site can be a massive boon, both in terms of community building and AI search visibility. While engaging on Reddit is directly tied to your performance in both traditional search and AI search, it's just one piece of the puzzle when it comes to increasing your brand visibility in the AI search era. If you want a full breakdown of how to rank in AI search, be sure to check out this video next. Thanks for watching, and happy ranking.