Hey everyone, welcome back to the channel. Um, just wanted to drop in some value, uh, for anyone who's looking for a Reddit marketing strategy. It can be a little bit tricky because Reddit is, um, full of people who not only swear a lot but also like to ban accounts if they suspect that you're selling something or that you're just dropping links in. So people get very frustrated, they lose accounts, and they don't quite know how to utilize Reddit. Um, if anyone's wondering why you would use Reddit, um, this is just a quick snapshot of the traffic in October 2025. Reddit received something like 5.1 billion visits. It's one of the highest traffic sites. Uh, everybody knows about the—this, the, the deal that they signed with Google for $60 million. They're ranking all over page one. So if you can get into Reddit, it's not only good from a Google search standpoint, um, but you can see here it's an important data source for actually the large language models. So, so it's important for things like showing up in ChatGPT, Perplexity, AI, all these other LLM models, uh, because they're all scraping different data sources and Reddit is typically either one of the most direct sources they, uh, you know, utilize and scrape, or they find it through Google. So if they're searching the top 20 results in Google, they find those Reddit threads, they go to the Reddit threads, and then they can see whether your brand or, you know, your, your links or your keywords are mentioned in close proximity to each other. Not to mention the fact that I've used this for clients, um, and they get on autopilot leads and sales every single month. And I've also used this for my own sites, for my own products. So this is extremely powerful. You just have to use the right strategy. Now, the first thing you want to do, um, is make sure that you've got your—you know, you've got some idea of what kind of keywords you'd like to go after, and then you need to find those Reddit threads where people are showing up, having those conversations, looking for solutions that your products or your sites might, uh, you know, offer a solution for. Um, so I'll just mention, uh, this solution. This is actually free. It's called F5Bot. So if you go to F5Bot.com, it's a free service that actually emails you when selected keywords are mentioned on Reddit. And they also do that for Hacker News or Lobsters. Not really on Lobsters much, so don't—don't know much about that, but there might be, you know, some people watching that, uh, I think I believe they're in the tech space. You might want to make use of that. But this is primarily I would focus on for Reddit. So it's super simple. You just sign up for an account. It's free, like I said. Uh, once you do that, you simply enter your list of keywords, and then every time somebody on Reddit mentions those keywords in a thread, F5Bot will actually send you an email, shoot you over a link, even a small snippet of what that, um, what the conversation was about, and you can go straight there and, you know, provide value. And that's the really—the most important formula is you want to provide value first and then drop in your link as a second afterthought. And you want to be, you know, strategic about that. So you don't just drop in 50 links per day. You know, you might scatter these out throughout the day, throughout the week. Maybe it's a 2:00 p.m. on a Tuesday and then 10:00 a.m. on a Friday, that kind of idea. But it's really about finding the most, you know, important ones. Now, this is for the most recent Reddit threads. So as soon as a Reddit somebody mentions, you know, a keyword on Reddit, they shoot you an email so you can kind of get that quick. Um, you can be, you know, the first there, essentially. But that's not necessarily where the real power is. Um, the real power might actually be through Reddit threads that are already on Google. They're already ranking on Google. Um, and, you know, they're—they're already getting that traffic from Google search through SEO. Uh, some people are complaining about it, but, you know, we can actually make use of it and we can turn a negative into a positive. So this is a free tool here. Um, it's called Red Search. Um, so I'll drop the link in the description here, but basically what this does is it searches Google for your keyword and finds those Reddit threads for you. Some of those are going to be older, some of them are going to be newer, but you'll have a whole list that you can go in, uh, and take a look at. So let's say we did, um, you know, B2B email templates. Um, and you just click search, uh, Reddit. It's going to open a new tab and it's actually going to run this search query where it's looking on Reddit.com for your keywords. So we can see here the first one here, what are some of the most effective cold email templates. This was about a year ago, received 10 plus comments. Um, this is somebody talking about tried and tested cold email templates. So here we go. What are some of the best cold email templates that work? So if you open that thread, um, this is an archive post, actually, so this might not be the best one, but you can kind of get an idea of how people are dropping in their comments with, with links and sort of model your formula after that, if that makes any sense. So for example, here, if you want to reach out to some potential clients, you can check out this template. Found it useful, also had a full guide of decent emails. We'll share it when I found it. Um, so, you know, this was kind of like, hey, you know, just found a resource, just dropping this, and they're not hard selling. It's not a huge, you know, SEO article or 2,500-word guide where they're, you know, pushing their products. It's like, hey, you know, found this, might be helpful. Here's a link. Just happened to, to drop it in, right? Um, so that's kind of, you know, can kind of give you an idea. But again, you've got all these threads. Um, some of them are on the older side, but this one is more recent, three months ago. So how are you building cold email strategies for B2B? You can go into this thread, um, and just check out, you know, what, uh, what some of the people are saying. Get an idea of kind of what some of their value is and then how you can actually add on top of that. So you can actually go in, drop your comment in, uh, make sure it's value, kind of model it after what these guys are already doing. Um, and in that first, you know, example, use value first and then drop in the link second as an afterthought, um, is usually the best strategy. Don't link directly to affiliate links. That's going to get you banned straight away. You know, just a straight up dot com to your product, your site, whatever, or maybe even a blog post or something like that would work better. Um, but this can help you find all of those Reddit threads, and you've got about 10 threads here to, to go through, and then you can go back to the tool and enter in another keyword. This is a free tool. Um, so you literally have a, you know, limitless, um, number of Reddit threads that you could drop your comment in and get traffic straight away because the traffic comes in fast. That's the other thing, too, with Reddit. Um, that those 5 billion visits, I mean, there's a lot of people going to Reddit asking all kinds of questions, taking part in these conversations every single day, every single hour, really. Um, so if you find the right one, you can actually get an influx of traffic quite quickly. So I'll just kind of show you some of the results that I've gotten. So for one of my clients, um, actually last year, you can see here utilizing this thread, this strategy consistently on a weekly basis, being very strategic about how we do it. Um, you can see the rise in Reddit traffic through their HubSpot here. I mean, it just rose and rose and rose. Um, and they actually got to a point where they had, I'd say, between four and five, um, leads on autopilot every single month. Um, and it was a high-end software, so for them, those leads were, were quite valuable, um, and would definitely it was definitely worth the effort since it was so, you know, low effort, essentially. You can do this kind of quite quickly. You can do it in an hour or two every day, probably less, um, depending on how you do it. And then this was just one, uh, test that I did earlier this year, uh, making sure to drop in, you know, the right comment in the right thread at the right time. You can see here very quickly, literally 10,000 page views, um, just from that one comment in that thread is super fast. In 24 hours, literally 10,000 views. Very rarely can you do that anywhere else. Got 15 upvotes, so obviously there was a lot of support behind that. Um, and it got a lot of traffic back to the site as well. So this works really, really well. So you can utilize these free tools. This one at F5Bot is for the most recent Reddit threads. Red Search is for a whole list of threads that are indexed and ranking in Google from, you know, recent to a little bit, um, older threads. Um, but the real power of this, actually, is in using something like Semrush or Ahrefs, one of those SEO keyword tools, because if you know how to filter your keyword research, you can literally say to the tool, "Hey, show me only the keywords that have a Reddit thread already ranking on page one." And that way, you know those threads are getting traffic from Google because people are searching through Google for those keywords and finding those Reddit threads. This is just a search query, right, through the tool. Um, so basically it's saying any Reddit thread that has this keyword in it. But what you want to do is find a list of keywords that you'd be going after and then filter down which one of those, um, actually has, you know, um, threads that are ranking on page one for, for my, for my keyword. I actually share this same strategy. So the, the same one that I did for this particular client, the software client, high-end software client, I share that Reddit SEO strategy inside my school group. AI-powered SEO, just go to school.com and search us in the community tab, or I'll drop a link in the description below, uh, below this video and you can check us out. Um, there's a limited sale going on for the monthly membership. The price is going to go up really quickly. There's lots of other things in here as well. Uh, my custom YouTube plug-and-play optimization template. You can actually divert value from your YouTube videos to your website, so you can supercharge both the SEO of your website and your YouTube channel. There's the 500% website growth supercharge course in here. Um, also Matt Zimmerman, I shared, uh, a course, a super powerful 10-hour course where he shows you how to build, uh, an AI news site from start, from scratch to, to finish. Super, super powerful. Custom GPT secrets, how I get traffic from ChatGPT. KGR keyword method. You can actually calculate what keywords you're going to rank, and I, and I show you how to do that. I give you a spreadsheet and a calculator. My PowerPage process that I've used to grow clients pages 250%. Um, all kinds of other stuff. My content optimization guide, how you can reverse engineer Google's blueprint. Uh, tools that I'm building to actually spy on ChatGPT's thinking and build a whole topical map so that you can actually rank in Google or, sorry, in ChatGPT for the fan-out queries that Chat, Chat, ChatGPT, uh, has in its code. Um, whole custom method on using AI to build a website from scratch and grow it 2,000% in just a few months. Um, Parasite SEO platform so you can rank on multiple spots on page one of Google. One prompt, one-click SEO-optimized article using Claude 4.5. I give you the whole prompt. So there's so much value in this. We've got a lot of great members in here as well. Um, so go ahead and click the link in the description below. Inside, you're going to find the Reddit SEO strategy. I walk you through everything. How to find those Reddit threads that are ranking on Google, on page one of Google. How to formulate your comments. How you might want to formulate your strategy in terms of, like, commenting during the week. Like, what kind of times and cadence would work, would work best for this. Um, and again, how to formulate your comment, which is super important. Like, I literally give you three examples. You just plug in, you know, your links and, and, and your and tailor it to your brand and you're off. And, and you can just reuse those across, across the Reddit thread or model them for your, for your particular case scenario. Um, but basically, I walk you through exactly how to find those Reddit threads that are ranking on page one of Google using a keyword tool like Ahrefs. You'll have a whole list of them, and then you just go through them. Uh, and before you know it, you'll get instant traffic to your site, practically instant, um, this month. And yes, it does convert. You can actually, um, convert it into leads and sales for either your client or, or maybe your own tool or your own site, whatever it is you're offering. Super, super powerful. So I wanted to share that. I'll also drop a link to the F5Bot and Red Search in the links, uh, in the description below this video. Um, and hopefully that was helpful and kind of gives you some insight into how you could possibly use Reddit, a Reddit marketing strategy, whether it's affiliate marketing on Reddit or, you know, just marketing your own website and your own, maybe your client's website, um, effectively with data-driven tactics. So there's several ways you can do this for free. And then if you really want to supercharge it, come join us in the school group. We've got a lot of great material in there, including my full Reddit strategy document is in there, walks you through the process exactly step by step from top to bottom. Nothing is left out. Um, so if you're interested in that, all the links are in the description below. Hopefully this was helpful for your Reddit marketing strategy, and I'll see you guys in the next one.