So in today's video we are going to talk about DIG, the new social media platform. So actually DIG is not a new social media platform because it was there before many years ago and then it was buried but now it has resurfaced. And the reason that we're talking about DIG today is that it's possible for you to create a community like Reddit. And the domain authority of this guy is 92 so you can see here 92 and what that means is that when you're posting in your own community I won't call it subreddit but sub DIG whatever we can call it then your post can index and they can rank quite well. I'm going to show you that a little bit later. So my name is Jesper Nissen and I'm the owner and founder of Schema Writer and YEX. Let's get started. So what you need to do is you need to go to dig.com and then click on this guy here. Let me just click pause and let me just log in. So now I'm in. So I heard about DIG yesterday I think. I saw a video by Indexy is he called Jackie Chow I think but the Indexy YouTube channel. So he talked about DIG and I decided to try it out. So I created two communities here. When you're creating a community you need to determine the user or not the username but the name of the community and that will be reflected in the URL that you can see here. So I created two communities. I created the community Jesper Nissen is your and it's the similar name the same name that I've used for my Facebook and for my subreddit and then the community called Schema Markup. So obviously I have Schema Writer but in Schema Markup will be all about Schema. So not only Schema Writer but everything I know about Schema I will post in here because all of these names are free now. So Schema Markup was free and Jesper Nissen is your was obviously also free because I'm the only one that would choose that. But if you have a local business or you have if you have a brand I really encourage you and advise you right now to grab that brand. Even if you don't want to use your community right now just hop in secure your brand name. So with that being said I created this community today and decided to see what's the ranking potential for this platform here. So I created this blog post here Parasite is your with social media in 2026 by Jesper Nissen. And when we search for this keyword now and this is incognito and it's ranking number one here but let's just try Parasite is your with social media and it's ranking number one. Of course it has a super high domain authority so I mean it's not surprising that the articles can index and rank high but it was a little bit surprising to me that it could actually push down my own two websites both the Jesper Nissen and the the YEX website. So a little bit surprising that it ranks so well and so fast but I'm glad. Of course I'm happy. That just goes to show that this is extremely good if you have a brand post about your brand and make articles and then they can rank. So what you do is you post and give it a title and then just you know write your article and you can place links and you can place images and write some text. So when you write text you can place outgoing links and you know do the regular stuff. I posted one, two, three, four, five. I made five posts. I actually didn't check if the other were indexed. Let's just see here. Is this indexed? I didn't check. It is indexed. Let's see what's the best type of links to builds. I don't expect it to rank on page one but I mean you never know. I didn't check so no it's not ranking on page one. So actually let's just check because this is ranking number one for Parasite is your social media. Oh I want to show you something guys while I have you. If we search for Parasite is your scroll down. It is actually I know I'm searching for it from a Danish IP address. I know I know I know but it is actually ranking currently on page one for Parasite is your ranking on page one directly on page one for the term Parasite is your. With my experience from posting on social media I know that many of these social media posts they will get pushed into page one almost immediately. And then after a day or two or three they will kind of like it's kind of like they get a news boost from the Google algorithm and then they will drop down. So it will be interesting to see where this article how low it will go. But it is a hint of its ranking potential that we see that go directly into number one. So I think that's surprising and it's a promising thing. As I mentioned you can create two communities per person or per email. So I created my two communities here and I just have some small advice that when you're creating a community let's see here. So you can see create community is blanked out for me. So let's just check this guy here. So when you are creating a community let's go in here. So this is the community. It's founded by me. I can edit. I actually did try to insert my link here or my URL here like this. But it doesn't like this. So you know when you insert links like this you will get an error when you're creating community. Just so that you know it's just an experience that I had. So actually let me just oops I'm just update my about. It actually does allow me to insert links here. So let's see. Let's see if it comes up with an error. YEX.site. Schema Writer.ai. I'm indexer.com. Jesper Nissen.com. Let's see what it says. Save changes. Failed to update community. I think it's because of these links. So if I remove and click save changes then it actually won't save. So I think that let me just try once more. I think this is because it's so new it's just relaunched. So I think that they have some code. They have some bugs in the code. So let me just try one more time. Edit. And let me insert here and click save changes. And now it worked. So you could see before I inserted links it didn't save. Now I remove the links and it now it did save. So even though that you can see that you can insert links they just they don't seem to like that. So that's just a thing to keep in mind that if you're getting this error probably because of these links. In the articles you can insert links. So you can see I linked out to this article on YEX and I linked out to this YouTube video. So these are the two outgoing links that I pasted. If this website is anything similar to Reddit I just advise you to when you're posting don't place too many outgoing links in your content. I'm just saying I don't know how strict they will be in their enforcement of their community rules. I'm just saying that don't consider it as a link building platform. I know you can place outgoing links and I have done here but just keep in mind that if you want to keep your community if you want to keep your subreddit or community here just don't think of this as an outgoing link placement. Besides this I don't have much else to say. I think this is a nice platform and I really like that the articles can index so fast. I think that this was indexed a couple of minutes after I posted. I did use a paid indexer of course prime indexer. They do index fast and they do rank well. So use this while you can and make sure to claim your brand name. I'm going to use this like I use my Reddit subreddits. Just posting about SEO posting about Schema Markup and Schema Writer. I'll see you in the next one.